hey guys girls my name is m13 and I have
horns on my head can see
oh yeah fuck see even that guy heard
that one that he's like he's like what's
that an earthquake um hot out this is
the crazy house it's like a giant
intricate castle that was designed that
was a it's actually like one person's
home it's not a building it's not an
amusement park it's on a mall it's just
one guy's home and he decided to build
himself a castle really a fortune teller
told to do it she said if you build
yourself a castle then you know like a
crazy psychotic castle than in the
future you'll have like a lot of luck
and success so he took his life savings
and he's sunken into this place and he
didn't even finish it and but he's
actually now the mayor of this town or
area or whatever so maybe maybe a came
true I've said that before in a video
but I don't know if I love this you know
there's a lot of there are some a lot of
videos that i make never see the light
of day like you guys are like Oh a
thousand videos that's a lot you must be
running out of things to talk about
there's actually another like 400 videos
I've never uploaded a lot of them gilda
and some of them are goods i have like
there's it there in a few videos that I
make and while I make like when I just
finished making them like when I
finished recording I think it myself wow
that was a really good video you know
it'll do well once I upload it and then
it never gets uploaded and I just and
then and then like a few because a few
weeks ago I usually I'm from the time i
recorded video the time i actually look
at the video and then upload it it's
usually at least a week or two that goes
by
so sometimes will be a video that I
think is really good fucking lady
there'll be a be a video that I make and
I really like it and then and then and
some time will go by and then like a
couple of weeks later I think of myself
hey what happened to that video that i
made it was really good and I'll go to
my computer and I'll sit I'll be
searching through the dates and going
through folder after folder and they
just and they're just gone
it's happened a few times it's really
annoying
and so yeah so I don't know if that
crazy house talk has ever made it up
online before or not crazy house and
this is the road that I got two speeding
tickets on in one month one of which I
got on video there's a video what is it
police find me for fudge or something
something like you do a search for m13
fudge and police something like that
Pudge gets me arrested or something
because i'm talking about fudge and i'm
not paying attention to my speed and i'm
barely even speeding I'm like writing
with one hand I'm chatting about fudge
and all this a nice I got to see a flash
and I'm like fuck so I gotta really try
to keep my speed now
Oh
nice and cool here
so hot today yeah don't talk about
whether it's like she's logging suicide
so I have a topic nope in the video